gh-125436: add missing allow_unnamed_section doc; split too long line (#125437)
python/cpython: Doc/library/configparser.rst

ConfigParser Objects
--------------------

> .. class:: ConfigParser(defaults=None, dict_type=dict, allow_no_value=False, \
>                         delimiters=('=', ':'), comment_prefixes=('#', ';'), \

Reviewer: I think there should be an asterisk * item, because _allow_unnamed_section_, and all other parameters from _delimiters_, are keyword-only.
```suggestion
.. class:: ConfigParser(defaults=None, dict_type=dict, allow_no_value=False, *, \
                        delimiters=('=', ':'), comment_prefixes=('#', ';'), \
```

   converter gets its own corresponding :meth:`!get*` method on the parser
   object and section proxies.

>    When *allow_unnamed_section* is ``True`` (default: ``False``),
>    the first section name can be omitted, options with no section name
>    specified ahead (often called ``"Global Options"`` or
>    ``options in "Default Section"``) are allowed. See
>    `"Supported INI File Structure" section<#supported-ini-file-structure>`_
>    for details.

Reviewer: I think drop the last part of the first sentence. Nowhere else mentions _global options_, and _default section_ is a different thing.

Suggest linking directly to the Unnamed Sections section. Maybe spacing the link target from its text might fix the compilation error too.

```suggestion
   When *allow_unnamed_section* is ``True`` (default: ``False``),
   the first section name can be omitted. See the
   `"Unnamed Sections" section <#unnamed-sections>`.
```

Author: Thanks!

The only fly in the ointment is the missing `_` to after `<#unnamed-sections>`
